you know I I to two things that were
very memorable one was that good I am a
fan to contact me years ago my agent
said the development and she satisfy
origins may be a little soccer night
since she's had a lot of little
information so i can't regenerate their
what exactly external many more like you
know cracking down on my part and then
she came to this category lower than a
proper so I completely cut off
communication and then I collector later
like on Van Sciver issues which died
answer colorful so you know it happen
but towards you my that's that's
obviously a lot of mess or maybe a few
days
but I think my favorite memory if
there's a program they do legally
enforce policies with his shaft Rumble
visions and four kids had given me a one
of a duel disks for you you are battling
for his world let's do this number by
studio and the coalition and to see to
see me work so i gave to my key to say
that it was really you know it was
really stunned so be in addition where I
on the work completely just to do work
that affects kid like that ramen place
to give them something as we were doing
that's I really public for me is I don't
know the 20 it's every one specific vid
he is a good man is stuff and I make
specifically since I was very young and
for me and I used to go to vengeance and
autographs and collect stuff and you
know made kind of a little you know my
own little radio show the moment tape
around play all characters have enough
I've been in love with this for years
and for me to be able to do this as much
is still so so how am I so amazing to me
and I just like going to move
conventions and getting to meet on the
pan because i am still okay you know yes
it's just this is great here is a little
weird is because it's fun of being on
this side above but that's such a joy so
somebody game